[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Follow the money.
It's true in nearly every aspect
of life that challenges us
as a civilization.
The forces that operate from a
place of greed stop at nothing
to control our fate,
including blanketing
our skies with noxious
chemicals called chemtrails.
What does that have
to do with money?
Well, let's find out.
Scott Stevens is
with us once again
to look at the hidden
motivations of muddying
our skies with these chemtrails.
And this is a little
different conversation,
but people responded so well
to the last one, they said,
bring him on-- part two.
And so your life has really
been following lately
the part two of it.
Contending with the
repercussions of what
has been done.
But before we do
that, can we go back
for people that haven't seen
part one for just a minute?
>>SCOTT STEVENS: Yeah.
Anything you'd like.
>>REGINA: OK.
20 years as a weather man.
You're trying to forecast
the weather, but not possible
anymore.
Just tell us what that was
like, because I wondered
about you guys back then.
How do you do that
with chemtrails?
>>STEVENS: I wondered
about us then, too.
I was really good.
And when you have storm
after storm after storm
not behaving as the computer
models think they will,
how the National Weather Service
fails forecast after forecast,
and us as the last front
before-- I should say,
the interface between the
station and the people.
We were responsible.
And it was in the
late '90s to all
of the first part of the
2000s when I was on the air
that it was very challenging
to forecast a storm.
Even here, where we are
in the Mountain West,
and through the
summer monsoon, there
were days where it
should have rained.
I mean, just within the
last two or three weeks.
And it didn't.
Time after time after time--
>>REGINA: And snow
falling in Miami.
>>STEVENS: What's up with that?
>>REGINA: What's up with that?
>>STEVENS: But it was like
I-- throw your arms up.
I can't do this anymore.
And I don't want to
be wrong because I
can't talk about why I'm wrong.
If you are forbidden from
talking about geoengineering
or weather manipulation,
then the responsibility
for the failed forecasts
rests on the shoulders
of the meteorologist.
>>REGINA: And you knew
about geoengineering.
>>STEVENS: In time I did.
Yeah, I did.
By 2004 it became very
apparent that there
was something terribly
wrong with our weather.
>>REGINA: Did you ever
talk to management?
>>STEVENS: Mm-hm.
Oh, they talked to me.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And so, what was that talk like?
>>STEVENS: Because there was one
day that I kind of went public,
and, you know, offered
up my credentials saying,
yeah, what I am saying comes
from a position of knowledge.
A position of wisdom with
this field of science.
And it was that next day that
my general manager called me
up and said, Scott,
what's going on?
Something's up.
Well, you're very, very
valuable, but something's up.
And so I told them.
I told them.
I said, this is
what's happening,
and this is my story, and I
kind of need to be true to this.
And he kind of
patted me on the back
and said, OK, I'll honor that.
And just do it on your own time.
And I was OK with that.
>>REGINA: But you
still were giving
inaccurate forecasts, right?
Or did you start taking into
account the geoengineering
and say, OK, I can
make a forecast
based on what they're spraying.
>>STEVENS: No, not even that.
Because I didn't
know where the trails
fit into the scheme of things.
I didn't know.
>>REGINA: Well, you must
have noticed patterns.
>>STEVENS: Of course I did.
But I didn't know how they
interfaced with the failed
forecasts.
That aha moment hadn't come yet.
I knew that there was
residence geometry being
introduced into the atmosphere
to literally shear storms
apart.
That HAARP was available to
re-ionize local areas of storms
and literally take the
life out of a thunderstorm.
So instead of being all
bubbly and cauliflower-looking
and aggressive, it becomes
this wimpy-looking ghost
of its former self.
And that's what's happened
in the last two decades?
Three decades?
And why the West has
had such a drought.
Why Australia has
So they could use these
antennae, these array,
these apparatuses that
may be underground,
circling the Arctic and circling
the Southern Hemisphere,
as well.
So they can from a
distance create action.
And then you dope
up the atmosphere
with these particles
left over by the planes,
and then you have grip
on the water molecule.
And so instead of the
cloud getting, yeah,
let's all get together,
let's create a raindrop.
No, there's too much in the
way of condensation nuclei
in the cloud.
So we end up with lots
and lots of little drops.
And then if you could add an
electrical charge delivered
via an aircraft, or from
a HAARP-like apparatus,
or from a satellite--
all three are possible.
Then you've got three modes
of getting at the storm.
Either enhancing it,
saying, let's get together
and then it's juiced up
and it becomes a tornado,
or becomes a flood, or
it becomes a hurricane.
Or the inverse happens.
>>REGINA: In a drought.
>>STEVENS: And nothing happens.
>>REGINA: And a lot
of this is detailed,
and I think it's
done quite well.
And why in the world
are they spraying?
In terms of looking at how
the spraying happens, where
you start off the
coast of California
to get an effect a few
days later in the Midwest.
>>STEVENS: Or you
start in Japan.
>>REGINA: Or you
start in Japan, right.
>>STEVENS: And engineer
the whole Pacific.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
But the point being if they
have the ability-- they do
have the ability to
simply engineer weather
wherever they wish now.
So there are no
excuses for droughts,
such as what California has had.
So that starts getting
into some other really
interesting-- but to me,
some of the most nefarious--
parts of this agenda.
And I want to say
right up front,
we are going to be looking
at the solutions in this.
This is not just going
to be ranting on.
But we need to see the
complexity of the issue first.
So, let's go into it.
>>STEVENS: That was the whole
reason why I wanted to do this.
So we could get
public oversight.
>>REGINA: Right.
Right.
>>STEVENS: Because if
there's nobody saying,
what's going on here?
Why are you doing this?
They get a free pass.
And that's unacceptable.
>>REGINA: They do, and they are.
Because no one even
knows who "they" are.
>>STEVENS: No.
But the only thing
I can say to that--
and we'll get to the
solution at the end--
is those who can afford it.
And when you have unlimited
funds at your behest,
then things-- amazing
things-- can happen.
It's just without oversight.
Things can get rather
dark and rather ugly
and rather nefarious.
There is another comment,
because you brought up--
why in the world
are they spraying?
And thank you, Michael,
for doing that work.
But the point of the why
was never really addressed.
>>REGINA: No.
It wasn't.
>>STEVENS: It was largely--
not completely, but largely--
a rehash of what's
in this stuff.
And its environmental impacts.
>>REGINA: That's true.
Yeah.
>>STEVENS: And so this is
where my aha moment came in.
Because as I was
on the air, seeing
that we were dealing
with-- literally,
on the satellite imagery
you can see the patterns.
You can see the
warming in the clouds.
technology at work.
And this is something that
on-the-air meteorologists
either are ignorant
of or are ignoring.
It's one or the other.
There is really not
much middle ground.
But how do you align
this technology?
How do you target it?
And that's where
the chemtrails are
an exquisite, exquisite tool
in delivering these energies
into the heart of a thunderstorm
or a line of thunderstorms.
Is that you've got
to mark off and then
define how much of an impact
this technology has had.
And so you have a trail
which, despite the blue sky,
persists from
horizon to horizon.
Come on now.
Come on now!
It shouldn't be there at all.
These engines are
engineered not to leave
a trail in the first place.
And the reason for that is so
condensation trails are not
mixed up with the fake
trails, which are 99.8% of all
of the other trails.
They're all fake.
Even the short ones.
Because if you look
at them and you
happen to have one cross
in front of the sun,
you'll see a different color.
>>REGINA: The rainbow effect.
>>STEVENS: Some are orange, some
are blue, and a few are white.
But they all have different
chemical compositions,
depending on what
they're up there to do.
The size of the
particle left in.
If they're meant to
literally smear out
so you can see the waves that
are happening in the sky.
Because rarely will a
trail remain straight.
It'll break.
It'll twist.
It'll smear and spread out
while a portion of it remains--
>>REGINA: Feather out,
zigzag, all of it.
Zippers.
>>STEVENS: Yeah.
Yeah.
Zip.
This will happen.
All of that is simply there
to make these invisible waves,
these invisible
technologies visible.
So the yahoos doing
it go, oh, yeah.
This one's working.
See, look at this.
And the most-- the reveal
for me was that once
you see these anomalies or
perturbations showing up
in the trails, and
another plane comes along.
So, say we've had a trail
come along here and it breaks,
turns off to one side.
Another plane will come along,
hit that spot precisely,
also at the angle that the
other trail is breaking off,
or smearing.
It's exquisite.
And you see this if-- you
know, everybody's phone,
you can download
a time-lapse app.
Cheap. $2, $3 tops.
Set it up on a tripod
on a chemtrail day.
Every five seconds,
take a bloody picture.
And you'll see this happen,
verifying for yourself
that these flights
are not willy-nilly.
They're not random
scratch marks.
There's a precision.
It is an exquisite
ballet in the sky.
>>REGINA: I've even
seen them do U-turns.
>>STEVENS: Me too.
>>REGINA: It's like--
>>STEVENS: I left my luggage.
>>REGINA: --wait a minute.
That is not commercial flight.
They don't do U-turns.
>>STEVENS: No.
But then you can go to the
apps, like FlightAware.
Or there are numerous apps.
You can tap on the flight and
you see it there overhead.
Then it tells you
Southwest flight number 595
going from here to here.
The plane turns around.
All of a sudden that plane is
not going from here to there--
it's taken on
another designation.
And so this illusion
is that intense.
It's that complete.
Because we're kind
of smart down here.
And they're smart too.
>>REGINA: OK, so let's go
back to the money part.
OK, let's go back to California.
>>STEVENS: Are you
sure you want to?
>>REGINA: Well, just
this one aspect of it.
Why in the world would they
starve-- would an agenda
starve California, the
breadbasket of this country,
of water for years on end?
Why would that happen when
the very reverse can also
be affected?
>>STEVENS: What economic
benefit is there to abundance?
It's only in shortages
is money made.
It's only in crises
where money is made.
It's only disasters
Otherwise you have
this flatlined economy.
It's only in the wake
of a Sandy-type event--
>>REGINA: One of
stability and abundance.
>>STEVENS: Mm-hm, and peace.
And productivity.
No.
It's when the
biosphere, literally
a slab between too hot, too
cold, too wet, and too dry.
And then there's this little
bit of piece in between where
a true productivity has.
And so it's all about money.
And there's a
control thing, too.
And I'm sure there's some
really, really big egos
involved, as well.
Because once they figure out
that they can do it-- why would
we want to stop?
Why would we want to
give that back up,
that process back
to Mother Nature
when we're doing such a really
good job of owning the weather.
And in the wake of World
War II, and, you know,
is it going to be
clear on D-Day?
Or can we see over
Dresden to bomb, or--
>>REGINA: And we
can understand why
they would have
sequestered that technology
for their military advantage.
I mean, like it or not,
they would do that, right?
>>STEVENS: 70 years
down the road?
>>REGINA: 70 years
down the road, right.
>>STEVENS: Really?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
And in the film, which you
were featured in prominently,
one of the statements made
was that "weather modification
is the ultimate weapon
of covert warfare"
because of its ability to create
food shortages, and so forth.
And what happens
with food shortages?
Then you have unrest.
Then you have people in fear,
and you have people revolting,
and so on and so forth.
Right?
>>STEVENS: Mm-hm, all of that.
>>REGINA: All of that.
So that's just one
picture politically,
if you were going to use
it against another country,
an enemy country, that you
can create that kind of unrest
within their population.
But at the same time,
let's look at it
from the point of the
disaster capitalist.
Even in our own country--
>>STEVENS: Naomi Klein.
>>REGINA: --what people
will do to our own people.
So let's talk about
that at some length,
because now we're getting into
the connection between this
and follow the money,
and where we're
going to go with this story.
>>STEVENS: And ultimately, if
you hand that technology off
to corporations, then you
could have a government saying,
it's not us.
And then there's deniability.
Then, we're there
to rally the troops.
I mean, the whole
purpose of 9/11
was to get Bush's
approval ratings up
to into the 90%
range-- and it worked--
so we could go off adventuring
into the Middle East.
And so weather can be used as
an emotional turning point.
If we have so many
disasters, then there's
got to be a reason for them.
And Lord knows it's
not geoengineering.
No, we can't do that yet.
You know, it's just
it's a pipe dream.
Maybe something we'll invest in
in the future, but no, no, no,
we can't do that yet.
So we all have to
quit driving our cars.
We all have to drive Priuses.
We have to, we have to,
and we have to, with CO2.
No, no, and then we're all
going after wear masks,
so we sequester our
CO2 because, you know,
it's all about the CO2.
You know, plants,
they're a problem too.
So they've spun this
whole series of lies.
The ultimate agenda
is a global tax.
And if they can get
all of these countries
to sign onto an accord,
a climate-change accord,
then that gives them
access to water rights,
atmospheric rights, pollution
rights, energy usage rights,
health rights.
All of these things.
This is the one thing that
all of humanity has in common,
is the planet.
And if we turn the
planet against us,
then we will use that as
the tool to tax everyone
and to control all aspects of--
>>REGINA: Carbon
credits and such.
>>STEVENS: Thank you.
And then it becomes a whole
other medium for money
back into the machine.
>>REGINA: So, fair to say that
your take on global climate
change is that they can tell
whatever story they want,
depending on what they choose
to manipulate at a given time.
That's why it's,
oh, it's cooling.
Oops, no, it seems to be warm.
Well, over here it's warming,
over here it's cooling.
>>STEVENS: Exactly.
>>REGINA: That it's all
a matter of manipulation.
It's not organic.
>>STEVENS: And it all-- the
people will believe what
the mouthpiece of the machine--
>>REGINA: The media.
>>STEVENS: --tells them.
If we have a problem
with climate.
And in this regard I have
to applaud the Republicans
in Congress for standing
up to the Democratic side
of this illusion.
Because climate always changes.
It has never not changed.
Just like the weather.
It changes.
>>REGINA: It
happens organically.
I mean, it goes
through these cycles,
which has to do with solar
input and everything else.
>>STEVENS: And
orbital precession--
>>REGINA: Exactly.
All of it.
>>STEVENS: All of it.
Sunspots--
>>REGINA: And yet
at the same time,
we now have chemtrails
added to the mix, which is
to change the climate at will.
>>STEVENS: So the question
is, what's really happening?
If we're playing
with the weather,
is the planet really
warming or is it cooling?
And if the National Climatic
Data Center in Asheville, North
Carolina has to truly
come in and seasonally
adjust the data
aggressively to maintain
the illusion of warming,
then what's really happening?
Are we warming or
are we cooling?
And then you have--
>>REGINA: It's really happening.
>>STEVENS: For me
it's apparent-- we
ought to go to the sun.
All of the heat,
all of the energy,
and essentially the
surface life of this planet
is dependent on the sun.
>>REGINA: Totally.
So what happens when you cut
off huge percentages of that
on a day-to-day
basis from the sun
by blocking it with these
chemtrails and reflective
metals?
>>STEVENS: Two things.
Two things can happen.
Either you're reflecting
enough during the day
to inhibit
photosynthesis, to inhibit
the deployment of
solar photovoltaics,
that you end up with
fallout that impacts
the pH of soils and oceans.
>>REGINA: And people.
>>STEVENS: And we're just
dealing with the conductivity
in the atmosphere in general.
And this is still a side point.
Because the main
issue is the sun.
Right The main issue
always has been the sun.
>>REGINA: I get that.
>>STEVENS: And so it's
like there's this cliff.
Either it's a warming
cliff or a cooling cliff
that they're trying to delay.
Otherwise, why spend the ungodly
sums of money that they have,
to do this?
And cloak it in such
intense secrecy?
There's something
that they're hiding.
And it's big.
It's really, really big.
>>REGINA: If you were to venture
to guess which-- that's what it
would be, what would you think?
Aside from the sheer potential
for massive amounts of profit.
>>STEVENS: Whatever they
tell you is happening,
let's look at it from
the other point of view.
>>REGINA: In reverse.
Exactly.
So if they say global warming--
>>STEVENS: That's an ice age.
>>REGINA: --global cooling.
It's an ice age.
>>STEVENS: It's an ice age.
And I think that became
apparent in the '60s and '70s
because that was
all the discussion.
There is an ice age coming.
Yeah, there's an ice age coming.
And all of a sudden in the
'80s-- no, no, no, no, no,
it's global warming.
They had this technology to
delay the arrival of the cold.
But now the sun is,
each solar cycle,
the higher the peak, the
more energy, the more warmth
coming from the sun.
Each succeeding 22-year cycle
is increasingly shallow.
And there is a beautiful,
beautiful solar physicist--
well, beautiful, you
know, it's all relative,
beauty-- in England.
And her model of
the magnetics that
are happening sub-surface of the
sun, and also on the surface,
are 99.x.
They are very, very accurate
when you reverse engineer
what's happening with the sun.
And she's like, by 2030
we're in an ice age.
The question is, how
long does it last?
Is it like the previous
cool spells that we've
had in previous centuries?
Or is it truly the
arrival of something
that lasts 90,000 years?
I don't have that answer.
>>REGINA: Do they feel--
so are you saying, then,
that on one level, while various
interests behind chemtrails
are profiting hugely from it,
at the same time that there
is an attempt to modulate
the climate on the Earth
so the species can continue on?
I mean, then you look at
someone like Bill Gates.
Why is he gathering all
of these heirloom seeds
in a vault in the Arctic?
I mean, why is that going on?
Against what kind of disaster?
>>STEVENS: I think
that we're going
to go through a pole shift--
a magnetic field pole shift.
>>REGINA: Well, and that was
the discussion 20 years ago.
Gregg Braden really was
central to that discussion,
and he stopped talking
about it over 15 years ago.
>>STEVENS: No.
But if you look at
the mathematics,
the pace of the pole
change across the north,
it seems inevitable.
And all of these
changes are geometric
in pattern and play-out.
When it happens, it will happen
very, very, very, very fast.
Very fast.
>>REGINA: I wonder-- OK.
So I'm just going to bring
a little esoterica up
in the middle of this.
>>STEVENS: Please.
>>REGINA: OK.
So I was meditating on
that a few years ago.
I don't remember why, even.
But I was meditating and just
looking at what was happening.
And what came up was
kind of surprising.
And it had to do with odd
storm patterns in the Midwest,
apparently.
And what I was seeing--
and you tell me
whether this is possible.
I know others have apparently
seen similar things-- is
that there are these areas
and pockets where the pole,
essentially the magnetic
field has already
reversed, in little isolated
pockets around the world.
That it's already begun.
Right?
Is that true?
>>STEVENS: Mm-hm.
>>REGINA: OK, well
that's what I saw.
Which led me to
think, is it possible
that this will
continue happening?
And be more of a gradual
kind of pole shift,
as more of these places
establish themselves?
Rather than boom-- from positive
to negative, north to south.
>>STEVENS: And I don't know
if it's going to be a this.
It might just be a this.
>>REGINA: That's
what I'm wondering,
because I was seeing that
this is happening all over.
>>STEVENS: Yeah.
That we don't have a
complete reversal that way,
but just simply a readjustment.
>>REGINA: Right.
Right.
And that's--
>>STEVENS: And I could see--
>>REGINA: We could
live through it.
>>STEVENS: Yes.
>>REGINA: More or less.
>>STEVENS: We will
live through it.
>>REGINA: Everything
will live through it.
>>STEVENS: I don't say
we, as in all of us.
But the majority have
the potential to,
depending on their preparedness.
And their ability
and willingness
to accept difficult times, and
have a positive outlook on it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that's
what I was seeing.
The same thing, that
this is totally-- we
can get through this.
>>STEVENS: And at the same
time, this planet barely
can support the population
that it has to bear now.
>>REGINA: Well, certainly
the way we're doing business.
>>STEVENS: Thank you.
>>REGINA: Which is
very inefficient.
>>STEVENS: That's
the difference.
>>REGINA: It's not
about the numbers,
it's about the quality and
the way we're doing business.
>>STEVENS: And why
are we doing that?
Because it's all for profit.
>>REGINA: Right, for profit.
OK, now.
I want to get into a
couple of things on that
because that's where
we started, and that's
where we're going to end up.
OK, in my notes
here-- all right.
Weather derivatives were
originally traded by Enron.
No one wants to hear the word
"weather" an "Enron" together.
>>STEVENS: No, but that's
where they made so much money.
>>REGINA: Talk
about that, and then
talk about where they
ended up and what happened.
>>STEVENS: They were
trading futures.
Literally.
They-- when you
control the power
grid, which is
something I think needs
to end and be decentralized.
And that's one of the
beautiful things that's
happening with solar, is we're
getting a lot of distributed
inputs to the grid.
And I think there's
other technologies that
have been withheld
from us that could
complete that transition to a
distributed electronic grid.
So because they have
a centralized system,
they can manipulate the movement
of electricity across the lines
that they have to buy
time on, by capacity.
And so if you've got
the LA Basin, when
you get into the interior
it's 102, 103 degrees.
It's not comfortable.
We don't build a
building in the desert.
How brilliant is that?
With 2x6 construction
and R-13 insulation
that's gappy at best.
It's stupid.
>>REGINA: That's true.
I live in the desert.
I get it.
>>STEVENS: It's not small.
We should be in the ground.
Plain and simple, we
should be in the ground.
It's a great insulator.
>>REGINA: And there are
experimental communities,
like Arcosanti, where people
have dug into the ground.
And you have your insulation.
A little more primitive
housing, though,
than most people moving
from LA to Phoenix wanted.
>>STEVENS: Different
from what it used to be.
That doesn't mean
it's primitive.
It's just not what
we're accustomed to.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
It can be quite beautiful.
>>STEVENS: It can be.
And very secure, very quiet.
I don't hear the neighbor's dog.
I don't hear the
train next door.
>>REGINA: Well,
not only that, you
get this incredibly pure
energy of the emanation
of the Earth itself, rather
than all of this other stuff
that's bombarding our
entire environment.
>>STEVENS: It's just noise.
It's EM noise.
It's just noise.
>>REGINA: But we digressed.
Enron and weather.
>>STEVENS: So
Enron, because they
had this centralized system,
could withhold power.
They could charge
the local utilities
a higher rate than-- far higher
than what they were getting
the power for, so
they can create
these artificial shortages.
And then they were
making money off it.
There were derivatives.
It was a big Ponzi
scheme, essentially.
And they were using debt.
I don't even know how
to get into all this.
It's rather complex.
But Enron being that
centralized power distributor,
if you know two weeks ahead of
time, before your weatherman,
before the National
Weather Service has
committed to a heat wave,
you lease those power lines.
You buy that resource.
And then you resell it when
the heat wave is imminent
or upon us, and people
are in panic mode,
at a much higher rate.
>>REGINA: And that's
what they were doing.
>>STEVENS: And
that's what they do.
When I was in Tulsa, on the
air, I had a pipeline company.
They paid me weekly
for weather forecasts.
Because if I could
get them capacity
on a pipeline from Cushing,
Oklahoma up to Chicago,
all they had to do is be hours
ahead of the competition,
and they could get that
capacity at a reduced rate.
Then they can move their
product ahead of competition.
Because it was a finite
ability to move energy, to move
BTUs-- British Thermal
Units-- from point to point.
And so if you know
what's happening
with weather ahead
of the competition,
there is a fortune to be made.
If it's orange juice
futures and you
know there's a frost coming in
three weeks', four weeks' time,
you buy those futures and you
sell them at twice the price.
After it's apparent, or
after the damage is done.
If you know, you know.
And you profit.
>>REGINA: So there are
billions and billions
of dollars to be made
on a corporate level
by those involved
with this technology.
>>STEVENS: Absolutely.
I mean reinsurance.
Insurance companies.
But see, then the
question is, who knows
about the agenda ahead of time?
>>REGINA: That's
what I'm wondering.
>>STEVENS: I don't think
it's that widely known.
I truly think it's a
tightly-held secret.
It's really-- pilots
probably know.
Airlines have to be aware
of what's happening.
So there is a-- NDAs,
nondisclosure agreements.
You know, there are penalties
to pay for breaking ranks.
>>REGINA: I'm just looking at--
>>STEVENS: Where are
you going with this?
>>REGINA: No, I'm
just looking at it
from a financial point of view.
If Enron and these companies
trading in these derivatives,
weather derivatives
are the ones to gain,
wouldn't they be
the ones to also
be paying for that technology?
What kind of
companionship is there
between the military
and these corporations?
Military industrial
complex here.
>>STEVENS: And it
truly could be the guys
at the tip of the pyramid at
Enron that get the signal,
get the anonymous
email from there.
Dudes, this is going to happen
here, go ahead and act on it.
And so then, that edict to
buy this, this, and this,
at this price, at
this time, just
ends up in the order stream.
And so then they're positioned.
And the traders don't have
to know what's going on.
It just is a purchase
order, a cell order,
a protocol to the broker
that comes down from above,
from some client.
>>REGINA: OK.
All right, that makes sense.
>>STEVENS: That's how
I would deal with it.
>>REGINA: Let's look
at the notion of crops.
We already talked a
little bit about what
happens if people are
hungry, so we don't
need to go there any further.
But from more of a
profiteering point of view,
one of the things in "Why in
the World are They Spraying?"
that came up was
that if you have
a farm that is now
failed-- they've
had two seasons in a
row that have failed.
>>STEVENS: You're pulling
out the almond trees.
>>REGINA: You're pulling them
out, you're selling cheap.
And there are people very
happy to buy that land cheaply.
And again, part of what
that film brought up
was the potential that
this was being orchestrated
so that companies in
bed with Monsanto,
for example, can replace
these farms with GMO farms.
>>STEVENS: I think
it's entirely possible.
Who knows what they
talk about it at, say,
the Bilderberg
meetings and the CFR's.
You know, the agenda.
All of these people
have to get together
and game out the next year, two
years, five years, 10 years.
And we're so involved with
our 401Ks and those companies'
three-month, six-month view.
You know, time horizon.
That it's the next
quarter, the next quarter.
Well, maybe the next half
of next year will be better.
These guys are dealing
with a generation.
>>REGINA: Well, and
Monsanto alone--
they have the patents on
almost all the seeds that
exist right now, except
for some heirlooms, right?
But they also have these
all-weather-resistant types
of patents of seeds.
>>STEVENS: I think they're
in precarious-- very, very--
>>REGINA: I hope they are.
>>STEVENS: --precarious grounds.
I really do.
>>REGINA: Because
they're already
engineering seeds for the
future weather disaster, right?
>>STEVENS: I also think
these companies are so loaded
with debt, that when this
debt bomb goes off, that they
become failed entities.
The question is,
then, where do farmers
go to get their seeds if
their traditional heirloom
supplies have been dried up?
And that's my greatest
concern with what's happening.
>>REGINA: Me, too.
>>STEVENS: Because then how do
we kick-start the next regime?
In the past, all of the
research done with agriculture
had been done at their
state universities.
You know, Kansas State, Colorado
State, University of Idaho.
They all had their ag schools.
Idaho dealing with potatoes.
Kansas with the
wheat and sunflowers.
And everybody had their
area of specialties.
And now we've had
this monoculture
where corn is grown from the
Rockies to the Appalachians.
And there's not much
diversity in between.
And the wildlife
is starving for it.
Literally starving for it.
Whether it's the bees or the
butterflies or the smaller
mammals, everything's
starving because of it.
And so, when corn goes
down because of a failure,
because of a flood, because
of something-- maybe it's
because the price
of oil goes down
and that corn is
going to ethanol--
and the two are
now tied together,
that that farmer doesn't
have the equipment to go back
to wheat, to grain, to rye.
To some other crop that his
father and grandfather grew.
He simply doesn't have the
machinery or labor to do it.
>>REGINA: Well, and also the
soil has been contaminated.
And in addition to
that, now to go back
and try to buy those
seeds is very expensive.
>>STEVENS: Yeah.
Because he's been
backed against a wall.
The machine has-- not
literally, but figuratively--
put a gun to his head
said, you will grow this,
and you'll get this price,
and this, this, and this.
And they have to comply.
>>REGINA: Right.
And to me, this is
a really big issue.
And then, I've
been for many years
a big fan of whoever has a few
pots or a little bit of soil--
get your own heirloom seeds.
And take responsibility,
and take yourself
somewhat off the supply chain,
in terms of food distribution.
>>STEVENS: I think
we underestimate
how much food each of us,
as individuals and families,
consume over the
course of the year.
When you want to go buy
a year's worth of food
and put it somewhere
in the house,
you're like, oh, my
goodness, I can't do this.
I can't do this.
So we're all kind of feeding
the system because we've
been entrained into it.
>>REGINA: We have,
but we can break away.
We're going to talk
about various ways
to break away,
starting about now.
I mean, you know I
live in Sedona, right?
And so I put in raised beds.
I got some river silt, and put
compost, and a little manure.
And I was able to
grow year-round--
>>STEVENS: Oh, I see
that with your nails.
>>REGINA: Well, I know,
they don't look like it.
But--
>>STEVENS: Mine already did,
but it's been a few days.
>>REGINA: I put gloves on.
>>STEVENS: Thank you.
>>REGINA: But I was able to grow
year-round almost everything.
And then I took the
extra precaution,
because Sedona is
heavily chemtrailed.
>>STEVENS: Mm-hm.
Oh, we all are.
>>REGINA: I had these little
sheets, the little white,
what do you call them?
Solar cloths.
And soon as I saw
them spraying I'd
roll the little solar
cloths out for the day.
And then when it stopped and
it settled, I'd pull them back.
You know, at night, and let
the plants breathe properly.
And then I had some chickens.
And I was amazed how easy
it was to actually grow
a fair amount of
my own food supply.
It was not a big deal.
>>STEVENS: You can do it.
And as we talked
about the last show,
just put some Ormus on it.
Put some Ormus on it.
It will taste good.
The elements and
minerals will come back.
And you will have
resistance against plants
and a lot of the
environmental pollutions
that we're dealing with.
This is going to be a secret.
And in the next decade or two,
this alkalinized saltwater
with Ormus is going to be
a key part of remediation.
Whether it's
weather-specific radiation,
whether it's the GMOs
that at some point in time
have got to be reverted
to heritage genetics.
That's got to happen.
And so if we want to
talk about solutions,
that simply is going
to be one of them that
is-- it is simple,
simple, simple to do.
>>REGINA: I know
the Ormus thing.
15 years ago I was taking my
Ormus every day, and all that.
And then what
happened over time,
I started noticing the
quality of it changing.
And then I started
noticing, you know,
this is an underground
world, pretty much.
>>STEVENS: Health is.
>>REGINA: It is.
You have to go underground
to maintain your health.
And I noticed that
there is-- obviously,
there's no oversight
in terms of Ormus.
So you have to
say, how do I know
what I'm getting is
actually really refined
on a frequency level?
>>STEVENS: That comes
to your discretion.
And in a way, that
absence is a gift,
because it simply lets that
exist in the first place.
Because how many
things-- I mean,
if you've got the FDA
looking at cranberry
juice because it's
good for you, [SIGH].
Heavens to Betsy.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So let's talk-- I mean,
I'm OK with it if you are.
So, what is the source
of Ormus that you use?
>>STEVENS: We use
Blue Water Alchemy.
We use the Essene
Wet Method, so we
use salt. Whether
it's an Atlantic salt,
a Himalayan salt, Andes
salt. Dead Sea is important.
Dead Sea salt is
very, very important.
>>REGINA: It is very important.
>>STEVENS: It's very important.
>>REGINA: Actually.
It carries properties
that people
aren't really aware of yet.
>>STEVENS: Right.
And so you go
through a pH shock.
And you take this saltwater
up from pH 6.7 to almost 11.
And so it becomes very alkaline.
And you end up with
literally a product
that looks like half-and-half.
Saltwater turned into, it
looks like half-and-half.
And so you go through a process
of reducing the salinity,
and it's just something
you take sublingually.
And it restores the
elements to the body,
so the body sees
what its issues are.
It literally-- these elements
end up like ceramics.
So they drop into the body
and then communication
happens cell-to-cell, across the
DNA, through the chromosomes.
And that's-- there's so much
happening in our food absent
of nutrients, with chemtrails--
>>REGINA: That's what I was
hinting at-- chemtrails.
>>STEVENS: It was a sacrament
in Egyptian and older times.
It was simply a sacrament.
>>REGINA: And what
is this called again?
The blue what?
>>STEVENS: Blue Water Alchemy.
>>REGINA: Blue Water Alchemy.
And that's where people would
find it if they want to look.
>>STEVENS: Yep.
And that's just one
of the solutions
to deal with what's coming.
>>REGINA: Indeed.
And you know, I keep thinking
one of the other solutions
has to be that, on
subtle levels or not--
even if you have to go to a
health-care practitioner--
that these subtle
levels of chelation
have to be part and
parcel to the way
we counter the effects of
the chemtrails on our brain
and nervous system.
And our bodies and
cells and DNA at large.
>>STEVENS: And this
is one that I'm not
as good at, or diligent about.
And that's using like
diatomaceous earth.
So it's just-- you know, I've
got a 50-pound bag at home.
Do I get into it that often?
No.
>>REGINA: I know.
This is the thing.
And there are ways to chelate.
You can-- a lot of
naturopathic physicians
offer that service, for example.
And they've been slammed for it.
But if there were ever a time
to start using subtle chelation
therapies--
>>STEVENS: It was last year.
>>REGINA: It was last
year a decade ago,
once they started spraying
the heck out of us.
This is in our bodies.
It's in our hair follicles.
>>STEVENS: And it
affects our fertility.
>>REGINA: Exactly,
which is another--
>>STEVENS: It affects our
nervous system and as we age,
whether it's Parkinson's,
whether it's dementia--
all of these things
don't just happen.
They are degenerative.
>>REGINA: Cumulative
and degenerative, yeah.
>>STEVENS: And so
this is why it's
important to do these
things when you're
in your 20s, 30s, and 40s.
So that when you get to
your 60s, you're like,
is it too late?
Well, no, it's not
too late, but it sure
would have been nice had you.
>>REGINA: Right.
Exactly.
OK, so you're saying
that all of this
goes away when our
system of money crashes,
burns, changes, reforms,
transforms, right?
Let's talk about it.
Explain that to us.
>>STEVENS: I'm not so-- not
that I'm anti-chemtrail.
It's just that it's a symptom
of the geoengineering that's
happening.
The climate engineering.
And it'll end the day
it's supposed to end.
You know, all the
marching, yes, it's nice.
Awareness is a good thing.
But it isn't going to pull
the planes out of the sky.
It's not going to end it.
And I think that-- I know
that will only happen when
the monetary system implodes.
>>REGINA: So you need
to take some time
to explain to people
what you mean by this
and why that would be the case.
>>STEVENS: Well, we're
all kind of concerned
about how you keep a
debt-based system going.
When you go buy a car,
when you go buy a house,
where does that money come?
Sure, you've got to
come to the table
with a little bit
of down payment.
In the days of old, when
you went to the bank
to buy a house, you
needed 20% down.
That was your savings that you
brought to the bank and say,
hey, I got skin in the game.
Now you go to the bank,
it's 3% or less, sometimes.
Sometimes there are 100%
loan-to-value, or LTV loans.
The bank says, good.
You've got a heartbeat,
you're breathing,
you've got a job--
let's write you a check.
Where does that money come from?
It's simply a ledger entry.
More debt comes into existence,
so the bank doesn't draw on its
savers', its depositors' money.
It just is literally,
there it is.
There's $100,000.
There's $1.2 million.
And that's how the system grows,
is by the creation of debt.
So this is why the federal
government has never
been able to not have debt.
Because if the federal
government were ever
bound to have balanced
budgets, the money supply
would begin to contract.
There would be less money around
to support this Ponzi scheme.
And so, as great as that
Bill Clinton huge surplus
was going to be, it
was never meant to be.
They had to get us back
into deficit spending
because every year that deficit
of, what is it, $600 billion
now?
Is money that's injected
into the system.
Money that were used
to pay salaries.
That's money that
wasn't there before.
So when this system
breaks apart-- as
it almost did in
2007, 2008, and 2009--
there has to be a replacement.
We've all thought, gold, silver.
You know, I'm going to
have a little silver.
And I did.
After 9/11, I'm like, I'm
getting me some silver.
You know, I was like, gold.
I can't afford gold.
I got [GASP] silver!
Lights on.
I'm going every
Friday, every paycheck.
I was buying 20
one-ounce rounds.
It was $5 at the time.
Works for me.
And then we had the big crisis.
And silver should have gone
through the roof and it didn't.
>>REGINA: But it's
totally manipulated.
>>STEVENS: Thank you.
And I didn't realize
how long they
could hold that game together.
>>REGINA: A long time.
>>STEVENS: Longer
than I thought.
>>REGINA: But it
can't go on forever.
>>STEVENS: It can't.
It can't.
Every paper money
system eventually fails.
And so after the
last crisis, there
was a white paper written
by an anonymous guy, Satoshi
Nakamoto.
And it was about a concept, a
cryptocurrency called Bitcoin.
This cryptocurrency
is not a hard money.
It's simply an output, a key.
A 30-alphanumeric key that's
generated by a computer.
And this computer-- how
do we even get into this?
As every 10 minutes,
this computer
that's running
this, this hashing,
this energy-intensive
algorithm every 10 minutes
will create a block of
all of the transactions
that have happened in
that previous 10 minutes.
And these computers
get rewarded--
at this point in time-- 12
and 1/2 coins-- or Bitcoins--
for participating in
securing this network.
this cryptographic currency.
And so every 10 minutes,
all of the transactions
that have happened across
this now-global network
are locked and encoded,
but yet readable,
inside this block chain.
So, beginning in January
2009, the blockchain
had its first link.
And the first miner was given
the reward of 50 Bitcoins.
The next 10 minutes,
another 50 Bitcoin
came out for
securing the network.
And every 10 minutes a new
block is added to this chain.
>>REGINA: Now, for
most people listening
that don't deal in Bitcoin,
it sounds like a video game.
Right?
>>STEVENS: Which is
probably 98% of the people.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>STEVENS: And this
is why it's beautiful.
>>REGINA: I still
don't understand it.
I mean, it's like a
video game and you think,
how secure do I feel with that?
Because initially,
don't you have
to input some money
into that game?
>>STEVENS: The other
question is-- no, there's
two ways to get in on it.
>>REGINA: OK.
Explain all this
to us, and explain
how this is relevant
to this larger picture.
>>STEVENS: You either invest
hashing power, meaning,
I have two computers at home.
I've got two Macs.
I'm not sitting
there using them.
So what are they doing?
Nothing.
It's like having two
employees that I'm
paying, because they're
turned on, doing nothing.
I've got a phone sitting there,
waiting for me to use it.
It's doing nothing.
So there's all of
this processing power.
Literally millions of
petahashes, all this CPU power,
doing nothing.
When this Bitcoin
becomes common knowledge,
people will put their
computers to work.
They'll download a program.
It doesn't have to be Bitcoin.
There are literally
hundreds of other currencies
that they can mine, depending on
the capability or the strength
of their computers.
So then their computers
are securing the networks,
processing transactions,
essentially
doing what a bank does--
and getting rewarded
in fractions of a coin.
So my computers are mining
two particular coin.
I'm not at home, but
yet they're working
and they're earning me
coins, which are then
convertible to
Bitcoin, which are then
convertible to fiat money.
Spendable money.
So what will happen when
the next system goes down?
Either they open the
fire hose and print
and print and print and
print and print money
to try to get inflation to go.
So that our money, our
debts, the government's debts
are more easily paid off.
So if you took out of
house loan in 1978--
let's say it was a $50,000
house-- your house payment is
under $400.
Which is very easy to
pay in today's dollars.
Not so much 30 years ago.
And this is the beauty
of inflation for them.
So these currencies,
these cryptocurrencies
can be deflationary.
Bitcoin is deflationary.
Meaning that the value
of the coin goes up.
So six years ago--
>>REGINA: Rather than with
currencies where it goes down.
>>STEVENS: Six years ago
it was worth less than $1.
Now it's worth, in mid-August of
2016, worth in the $560, $570,
$580 range.
Meaning that that
house payment requires
maybe 6/10, 7/10 of a Bitcoin.
That $400 house
payment-- or now it's
a car payment-- at
that price point.
So as the value of this
coin goes up-- and it will,
because people, do I
buy government bonds?
Sure.
Am I going to give
the government--
and in the case with
Switzerland, their debt
after 30 years, the
Swiss or whoever's
investing in Swiss
government bonds,
paying them money for that
government to say, hm,
what are we going
to do with this?
How do we service our debt?
And when you get
your bond back, it's
going to be worth less
than what you paid.
And this is happening
in Japan and China.
Not in China yet, but
it's all over the world.
>>REGINA: So where are
governments in their position
on cryptocurrencies?
Because it seems like if
there's an opportunity,
they're already in
it and all over it.
>>STEVENS: They
love it and hate it.
They can see the wisdom of it.
They can see that if
the blockchain, meaning
an immutable, undisputed
record of transactions, then
the Pentagon wouldn't
have gone up in the press
conference the day
before 9/11 and say, hey,
we lost $2.4 trillion dollars.
>>REGINA: Where did it go?
>>STEVENS: Where did it go?
It would all be
on the blockchain.
>>REGINA: So there's
a certain amount
of transparency involved.
>>STEVENS: That's
exactly what it brings.
It brings transparency.
And yet, if the Pentagon wanted
to go misspend $2.4 trillion
with Bitcoin, they would
have to go out and purchase
that Bitcoin.
>>REGINA: Didn't they
do that at one point?
>>STEVENS: No.
No, no, no, no.
They're nowhere near it.
>>REGINA: No?
>>STEVENS: No.
But if they were to
go buy that Bitcoin,
the value of the Bitcoins
in existence today
would have been up
at least $160,000.
Because you see somebody
accumulating this asset,
just as you would gold,
and its value goes up.
And so, now you can have-- you
would set up a bank account,
buy your Bitcoin, and then
you can travel with a QR code.
Most of us know what those are.
Little block with black digits
in there, and then a code.
You can go to England
and withdraw it in pound.
You can go to France
and withdraw it in euro.
You go to Japan,
withdraw it in yen.
And so you have this currency
that will appreciate in value,
that is global.
It truly becomes the first
global reserve currency.
And when it becomes
adopted, and we
realize that the safety
of bonds isn't there,
the safety of real
estate being over-bought,
that stocks are
manipulated up in price,
there will be a torrent of
funds looking for a safe haven.
Someplace that can't
be confiscated.
And it's going to end up being
these anonymous currencies that
are numerous in number.
>>REGINA: So, one
thing you just said
there, which I know a lot of
people's ears will perk up at,
is it becomes the
first global currency.
Well, now, so going back
into the world of esoterica.
Right.
We have a person
that I interview
on occasion, Sheila Gillette.
She channels the Theo group.
And I had asked them
about the future of money
and forms of government in
the future around the planet.
And they said there will be more
of a global kind of government
at some point, and there
will be a global currency.
>>STEVENS: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And they
said, however it
will be responsible
to the people,
not what you think of as now.
Because there will
be that transparency.
>>STEVENS: Exactly.
>>REGINA: So are you seeing,
with them saying that,
would you say that
the Bitcoin and
these other cryptocurrencies
are part of that movement?
>>STEVENS: It's the
tip of the iceberg.
>>REGINA: So it's being taken
back in the hands of people?
It's a populist movement to
create a global currency?
>>STEVENS: Yep.
And then we dictate how
valuable the currency becomes.
There's another currency
called Ethereum,
and it's not very old.
Less than a year and a half.
>>REGINA: How do you spell it?
>>STEVENS: E-T-H-E-R-E-U-M.
E-T-H is the ticker code.
E-T-H.
>>REGINA: Ethereum, OK.
>>STEVENS: And there's
about 80 million of them.
But what was so
fascinating is that there
was a project
called the DAO that
secured a portion of
the Ethereum blockchain.
The Decentralized
Autonomous Organization.
And the Dow, as it became
known, was open to investors
to invest their Ethereum
or their Bitcoin
into this project.
They were hoping to
get maybe $10 million.
And what they wanted
to do with this money
is then take proposals from
inventors, from developers,
from esoteric cool ideas.
What can we do with this?
If these inventions
are up to us,
could we have a
free energy device?
What can we do?
Send us your ideas.
So instead of $10 million, they
ended up with $150 million,
saying, yeah, I want to
be a part of that future.
>>REGINA: So, OK, let me
just get my mind around this.
Because this is very complicated
if you haven't been--
>>STEVENS: Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: So, if it does not
require your own resources,
but simply--
>>STEVENS: But it does.
>>REGINA: OK, that's
what we need to find out.
>>STEVENS: Yes and no.
>>REGINA: Because if you're
just using your computer to run
these algorithms--
>>STEVENS: It's a
slow way to get in.
>>REGINA: OK.
Because I was going to say--
>>STEVENS: That was what I
learned in December, when
I started mining these coins.
I'm like, I'm
going to buy these.
This Is taking too long.
I'm impatient.
And by nature I see
where this is going,
and I wanted a bigger
stake in the game.
So I already had several
Bitcoin off to the side.
And I'm like, this is cheap.
Let's just-- I started buying
these, and then researching
all these other coins.
And you can send one
coin from me to you.
It doesn't have to go
all in one lump sum.
It can be randomized.
So the transaction
happens with a cryptokey
at your end and my end.
But then it's broken up into
six different keys, spread out
over maybe 20, 30 minutes.
So you can't forensically come
back and go from time to time.
So if I sent you this
at 11:07 and 22 seconds,
it had arrived at your
place six seconds later,
or two seconds later.
That's how fast
this stuff happens.
And so what we're going
to have is privacy back
in our financial transactions.
Privacy back in our savings.
And with a government that wants
to take everything you've got,
or know everything that's
happening with you,
we have to go
toe-to-toe with them.
We have to have those--
>>REGINA: So this
completely circumvents this.
And let's talk about
what happened in Florida
with the judge, and
help people understand
this just a little bit better.
And then I'm going to ask you
another question about primer
courses.
>>STEVENS: Because
there was a-- well,
the question is, what is it?
I mean, truly that
is the "what is it?"
What is money?
>>REGINA: It's like a product
of an algorithm of some kind.
>>STEVENS: Thank you.
At its most general scale.
But what is money?
A unit of accounting, a
store of value, and a medium
of exchange.
Those three things define money.
And yet Bitcoin, because
you determine it has value,
and there is an open 24/7/365
market for it-- they're
in China, they're in the
states, they're in-- I mean,
there are global markets
for this currency.
So it's not like gold
that closes on Friday
and doesn't open, gap up
or gap down, on Monday.
No.
It's open 24/7.
A unit of accounting.
Some of these coins
you're getting so
developed that we can have
smart contracts on them.
So let's say that Target has
a coin, an Ethereum coin.
And they have an agreement
with a supplier in China,
that when a certain
condition is met,
the supplier scans the code, it
triggers the payment to Target.
Or Target triggers the
payment to the supplier.
And so these things
take-- literally the banks
become dumb pipelines.
One of the big issues with
the last financial crisis
was letters of credit.
That if the banks
are not solvent,
then how is the manufacturer,
distributor, warehouse dude
going to get paid for his work?
If all of a sudden that
big bank letter of credit
it isn't any good.
And this is where the
blockchain and these cryptos--
>>REGINA: Because it
circumvents the banks.
But doesn't this
necessarily mean a bank,
if enough people
bought into it, this
means the banks would
essentially become--
>>STEVENS: Dumb.
Dumb and useless.
And so 90%-plus of their
workforce will be let go.
And so how are they
going to get paid?
Well, I've got a
computer at home.
I've got to join the revolution.
And then they have
to start working.
>>REGINA: So how much of this
requires-- in your opinion,
you've dealt with it-- faith?
Faith in the system?
Faith in the coins?
>>STEVENS: What base-- what
is the basis of our dollar?
Full failing credit of the
United States government.
>>REGINA: It is true.
But it's just been
a perpetual pattern
for so long, that people,
kind of by default,
have faith that you
can go to the store
and get something with it.
But in this, where they can't
see it, touch it or understand
it, exactly--
>>STEVENS: And yet my
debit card, I can't see,
touch any of that.
It's the same thing.
Except-- how do I
want to say this?--
when you go to a consumer or a
vendor or a merchant that takes
Bitcoin, more likely than not,
they will give you a discount
for using Bitcoin.
Simply because the
value of the Bitcoin
will go up while they hold it.
Because they have
that much faith in it.
Overstock.com one of them.
Not to drop names.
>>REGINA: No, I was going
to ask you to give us
the name of several
companies that are actually
accepting Bitcoin.
>>STEVENS: Amazon.
Newegg.
Microsoft.
Microsoft, their whole
cloud-based platform, Azure,
is going to be Ethereum-based.
So that they don't
have to have people
in there dealing with
contracts and managing this.
This is all going to
be done by-- honestly,
it will be all our computers
running the Ethereum network.
And so, for us devoting our
computer-- 90% of our computing
processor-- to these
coins, mining these coins,
securing these networks,
dealing with the transactions,
we get rewarded by an
aspect of that currency.
>>REGINA: So it's a true
democratization of money.
>>STEVENS: It's
decentralized money.
And that will set us free.
Free from the tyranny
of these banks.
And I hope it doesn't
take a crisis,
but more than likely it does.
>>REGINA: Probably.
>>STEVENS: It is that
which moves us out
of our comfort zone.
>>REGINA: And tying
this all back together,
you originally said
that the chemtrails
will stop when the
monetary benefit to them
is no longer there.
Meaning when you can't control
large sums of money in the way
they have been.
The movement of money.
>>STEVENS: Meaning
when those planes
can't get the fuel because
the money system isn't there.
When Boeing and Lockheed
and Lear and Gulfstream
and Bombardier, and all these
aircraft companies can't get
paid via the dollar
to build the aircraft.
>>REGINA: Meaning if
they were-- they probably
wouldn't be paid if
their transactions were
made transparent, right?
>>STEVENS: Thank you.
Yeah.
When they had to do a
full accounting, because
of the blockchain, of where
their resources, their moneys
are coming from.
Because the dark
pool then disappears.
I mean, yes and no.
I mean, you can
have other layers,
but that value in
this dark layer
has got to come into this
transparent system eventually.
Eventually.
>>REGINA: It's the first time
I've heard someone explain it
in this particular
way, you know,
rather than just
trying to explain
how this thing exists at all.
>>STEVENS: And that's still kind
of mysteriously cool, in a way.
>>REGINA: Well, yeah, I
mean, I still can't quite
get my mind around it,
looking in a digital way
through the maze.
What happens, though,
in terms of fears
of if the poo really hits the
fan and the grid goes down?
Yeah.
>>STEVENS: I don't think the
grid will go down entirely.
I think there will be periods of
time where it comes in and out.
>>REGINA: How do you
do transactions when--
>>STEVENS: They need it
more than that we need it.
I mean, they need
it to watch us.
They need it to
keep their sniffers
and their awareness-- the NSA.
The system needs it up and
operating, otherwise they
lose control of us.
>>REGINA: What happens
if it's something
even beyond their control?
Beyond anyone's control?
Natural forces.
>>STEVENS: And I anticipate
that that's what will happen.
The ATMs will be dark, too.
They'll be dark, too.
But, because this is a
decentralized system,
there'll still be a server
running in South Africa.
Still managing the blockchain.
And one in India,
maybe one in Sri Lanka.
And then when the system
reboots, comes back on,
other people connect,
infrastructure
gets rebuilt-- there it is.
>>REGINA: But in
the interim, you'd
better have your
own heirloom seeds
and have your own chickens.
>>STEVENS: Yeah, that's why
we have our food closet.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
>>REGINA: When we were
talking off-camera about this,
you were saying that
the system really--
but whether Republican,
Democrat, and all this nonsense
having to do politics, and
conservatism versus liberal
versus progressive.
That there is a process
of humbling or humiliation
that we need to go through
as a species in order for any
of this to really be embraced.
Can you talk about that?
>>STEVENS: We kind of
briefly mentioned it earlier,
that nothing really changes
until you're forced to change.
I remember a time when my
parents were humbled simply
because of Dad was
going to school.
And on my plate, I was probably
six years old at the time,
was this pool of ketchup.
And I'm like, is
that all we get?
Is that all we get?
So we all get to this
point where what we have,
what we've been comfortable
with, is taken away from us.
Either we lose a job,
we get into an accident,
we have a health crisis.
But as you know, karma
exists at all levels,
whether it's us as individuals,
family units, genetic history
lines, or countries.
And there are karma.
There's a karma coming back
to this country for the things
that have happened.
>>REGINA: And I would
say all countries.
>>STEVENS: All of them.
Every unit has a group.
>>REGINA: It's a time
of a kind of reckoning
of our ethical and
moral behaviors.
>>STEVENS: To bring
us back to center.
It will be a slap
across the face.
I don't know how
it's going to come.
The planet, we've
poisoned the water,
so there may be water issues.
We've put toxic
stuff in the air,
so there may be wind issues.
There's plenty of
reasons, and plenty
of reasons for these
elements, if you want to go in
at the very, very base level.
You know, fire,
water, earth, air.
To come back at us for
how we've treated them.
And so, whatever
is coming is big.
>>REGINA: I would think so.
And I think in the end, it
comes back to each one of us
to ask those questions
of ourselves, right?
>>STEVENS: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: Any final--
we're out of time.
Any final statement you'd like
to make before we wrap it up?
It's been a wonderful romp.
>>STEVENS: Just that there's
beautiful things coming.
>>REGINA: I agree.
>>STEVENS: And our destiny
will be back in our hands
before you know it.
>>REGINA: On that, perfect.
Thank you so much, Scott.
>>STEVENS: You betcha.
>>REGINA: To follow
more on Scott's work,
you can go to weatherwars.org.
If you haven't already
seen our first interview,
you might want to take a look
at that as a primer to this one.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."